■ Question 215 In languages such as C#, code like the following is possible:
var count = 0;
mylist.Foreach( x => count += 1 );
here we launch an anonymous function (i.e., a function which has no name, but whose address can be
manipulated, for example, passed to other function) for each element of a list. The function is written as x =>
count += 1 and is the equivalent of
void no_name( int x ) { count += 1; }
The interesting thing about it is that this function is aware of some of the local variables of the caller and thus
can modify them.
Can you rewrite the function forall so that it accepts a pointer to a “context” of sorts, which can hold an
arbitrary number of variables addresses and then pass the context to the function called for each element?


int count = 0;
forall(struct list *lst,(*fun)(int,void*),void *contect)


■ Question 216 What arithmetic operations can you perform with pointers, and on what conditions? + - != == -- ++
■ Question 217 What is the purpose of void*? generic pointer
■ Question 218 What is the purpose of NULL? do define unveiled pointer 
■ Question 219 What is the difference between 0 in pointer context and 0 as an integer value? ptr 0 its ptr that point on nothing(invalid ptr) int 0 is the reprinting 0 
 
■ Question 220 What is ptrdiff_t and how is it used? use to hold the subtraction results from subrction or tow pointers
■ Question 221 What is the difference between size_t and ptrdiff_t? sise_t is unsined type and ptrdiff_t is signed
■ Question 222 What are first-class objects? refer to any entity that can be trath like any other value in the language 

■ Question 223 Are functions first-class objects in C? no

■ Question 224 What data regions does the C abstract machine contain? data text rodata stack heap  
■ Question 225 Is the constant data region usually write-protected by hardware? yes
■ Question 226 What is the connection between pointers and arrays? array implament in c by cosist pointers that majer by size and the array addrase is the addrase of the first elemant of the array
■ Question 227 What is the dynamic memory allocation? a block of memory that not alocat in the completion he alocate in the run time
■ Question 228 What is the sizeof operator? When is it computed? the zsize of bytes of object


■ Question 229 When are the string literals stored in .rodata? constant strring like "hello"
■ Question 230 What is ■ Question 230 What is string interning? macnizem that make sure that constant string do not save in memory multiple times only ones
■ Question 231 Which data model are we using? lp64 in c that data modle relai on os
■ Question 232 Which header contains platform-independent types? <stdint.h>
■ Question 233 How do we concatenate string literals in compile time?String literals can be concatenated at compile-time by placing them adjacent to each other in the source code.
■ Question 234 What is the data stream? a continuous flow of data, often generated at high volume and speed, that is processed in real-time as it arrives
■ Question 235 Is there a difference between a data stream and a descriptor? yes data stream if flow of data descriptor in nmber of the flie in system 
■ Question 236 How do we get the descriptor from stream?   fileno(stream)
■ Question 237 Are there any streams opened when the program starts? yes stdin stdout stderr
■ Question 238 What is the difference between binary and text streams? binary sterm is continuis bits that we can intrpetd as we wand txt strme use in inrptet as text
■ Question 239 How do we open a binary stream? A text stream? fopen(filename,"rb")  fopen(filename,"r")
